README.md, before:

We use the Spinning up framework for Stackelberg actor critic implementation. 

- STAC: [spinup/algos/pytorch/stac](spinup/algos/pytorch/stac)
- STDDPG: [spinup/algos/pytorch/stddpg](spinup/algos/pytorch/stddpg).
- STSAC: [spinup/algos/pytorch/stsac](spinup/algos/pytorch/stsac).

Welcome to Spinning Up in Deep RL! 
==================================

This is an educational resource produced by OpenAI that makes it easier to learn about deep reinforcement learning (deep RL).

For the unfamiliar: [reinforcement learning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning) (RL) is a machine learning approach for teaching agents how to solve tasks by trial and error. Deep RL refers to the combination of RL with [deep learning](http://ufldl.stanford.edu/tutorial/).

This module contains a variety of helpful resources, including:

- a short [introduction](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/rl_intro.html) to RL terminology, kinds of algorithms, and basic theory,
- an [essay](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/spinningup.html) about how to grow into an RL research role,
- a [curated list](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/keypapers.html) of important papers organized by topic,
- a well-documented [code repo](https://github.com/openai/spinningup) of short, standalone implementations of key algorithms,
- and a few [exercises](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/exercises.html) to serve as warm-ups.

Get started at [spinningup.openai.com](https://spinningup.openai.com)!


Citing Spinning Up
------------------

If you reference or use Spinning Up in your research, please cite:

```
@article{SpinningUp2018,
    author = {Achiam, Joshua},
    title = {{Spinning Up in Deep Reinforcement Learning}},
    year = {2018}
}
```

Commit message:

add motivation example and sample code

README.md, after:

We use the Spinning up framework for Stackelberg actor critic implementation. 

[spinup/run_experiments.py](spinup/run_experiments.py) is a sample script to run vanilla actor-critic, DDPG, SAC and their Stackelberg versions.

The implementation of algorithms can be found at:
- STAC: [spinup/algos/pytorch/stac](spinup/algos/pytorch/stac)
- STDDPG: [spinup/algos/pytorch/stddpg](spinup/algos/pytorch/stddpg).
- STSAC: [spinup/algos/pytorch/stsac](spinup/algos/pytorch/stsac).

[example.ipynb](example.ipynb) contains the code for the motivation example in Section 3.2.

Welcome to Spinning Up in Deep RL! 
==================================

This is an educational resource produced by OpenAI that makes it easier to learn about deep reinforcement learning (deep RL).

For the unfamiliar: [reinforcement learning](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinforcement_learning) (RL) is a machine learning approach for teaching agents how to solve tasks by trial and error. Deep RL refers to the combination of RL with [deep learning](http://ufldl.stanford.edu/tutorial/).

This module contains a variety of helpful resources, including:

- a short [introduction](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/rl_intro.html) to RL terminology, kinds of algorithms, and basic theory,
- an [essay](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/spinningup.html) about how to grow into an RL research role,
- a [curated list](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/keypapers.html) of important papers organized by topic,
- a well-documented [code repo](https://github.com/openai/spinningup) of short, standalone implementations of key algorithms,
- and a few [exercises](https://spinningup.openai.com/en/latest/spinningup/exercises.html) to serve as warm-ups.

Get started at [spinningup.openai.com](https://spinningup.openai.com)!


Citing Spinning Up
------------------

If you reference or use Spinning Up in your research, please cite:

```
@article{SpinningUp2018,
    author = {Achiam, Joshua},
    title = {{Spinning Up in Deep Reinforcement Learning}},
    year = {2018}
}
```
